Update README.md (#84)
tinybirdco/ci: .gitlab/README.md

# Iterating your Tinybird data projects with a GitLab repository

> Follow the [`Working with version control`](https://www.tinybird.co/docs/guides/working-with-git.html) guide, which explains how to set up your GitLab CI for iterating your Tinybird data project.

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the [`Working with version control`](https://www.tinybird.co/docs/production/working-with-version-control) guide, which explains how to set up your GitLab CI for iterating your Tinybird data project.
```
